Jean was not like other Ender Dragons. When she matured to adulthood, she was unable to unlock the full power of her magical prowess. Even from a young age, she never got along with other members of her kin and felt bored when hanging out around them. She would lie in wait, eager for a Githyanki patrol to mistake her for dormant prey—only to descend upon them in a display of gleeful slaughter. One day, she and others of her kin were charged with guarding a mysterious relic of great power, known only as the Orb. Whether it was to test her discipline or to hide the artifact from extraplanar threats, Jean resented the duty. The orb could feel her disdain and it spoke to her. It knew what she wanted but it feigned ignorance asking her what it already knew. "This isn't where you want to be, is it? You want to be something more? You're more special than you think." It bid its time, but it found a means to leave.

When not interacting with or watching over the orb, leaving the task to the other dragons that watch it, Jean ventured into other planes. Seeking thrills that she couldn't find with her kin. During one of these ventures, she made her way into the abyss. She watched the chaos in the plane, the rule the demons had within it, and she enjoyed it. She'd make constant visits to the plane, and even fly down to aid them in their war against the devils. She reveled in this chaos and she wanted more of it. The orb encouraged her, insisting that she should. Soon, she set a goal to herself, she'd take over a layer of the abyss and rule over it as a demon lord to prove her power. She wasn't a demon, nor a fiend for that matter, but she didn't care; she'd find a way no matter what. Jean’s ambition amused the demon princes, who saw in her a pretender—but one with potential to sow chaos. The orb, seizing the opportunity, promised her that it could grant her untold power; she'd be stronger than any other mortal dragon. All it asked was for her to take it with her and she agreed.

But the day the plan was set in motion, she was caught in the act. The other dragons managed to snatch the orb and restrain her. For her treachery, she was banished to Carceri. She pleaded to her kin and the fiends in charge of keeping her in Carceri but neither heeded her pleas. She cursed her kin and swore she'll find a way to make them pay. With those words, she had sealed her fate. Eons passed in isolation, her prison had forcibly become her lair. One day, a adventuring party whose named is lost to time arrived in Carceri. Seeing a way to escape with them, she attacked, hoping to take whatever means they used to arrive here to leave. A battle ensued and in the end she was slain. The adventuring party, the fiends in Carceri, and even Jean herself thought it was over, but the multiverse had other plans.

Her body crumbled and as cosmic beams of light erupted from her body. After a couple days she woke up, just in time to witness the remaining cinders of her corpse dissolve into nothingness. The adventuring party passed by once more, and she attacked them again to the same result. When she awoke once more, she realized with horror what was happening; she couldn't die. In a cruel twist of fate, not even death could free her from her prison. And so, she stayed, jumping at every opportunity she found to either nullify her immortality or free herself from Carceri. Some say the screams she makes whenever she resurrects resound across the planes.